did you resume it before if our normal
size screwdriver is good then bigger
must be more gooder right that is the
shower thought that I accidentally
shared with our creator Warehouse team
causing them to spring into action
making a screwdriver that is three times
the size of our retail one it weighs a
whopping 6 and2 lbs which is about 2 kg
and not only will we be trying to build
a PC with it but we're going to use it
as an excuse to talk about some Cutting
Edge fabrication and rapid prototyping
techniques including finally a closer
look at the metal 3D printer that we've
had on loan from ridia we will also be
giving away this PC and this screwdriver
all you have to do to enter is buy any
screwdriver on LTD store.com and you
will be entered to win entries close May
24th at 11:59 p.m. Pacific Standard Time
with all other legal details on LTT
store.com and all other legal Segways to
our sponsor paperlike sometimes your
iPad screen can get scratched up without
you even knowing with paperlike screen
protectors you can put your mind at ease
and keep your device protected but what
makes their screen protectors stand out
from the rest well it uses their
exclusive micr technology called Nano
dos to emulate the stroke resistance of
paper without sacrificing screen Clarity
in fact they so confident in the quality
of their product they offer a 100 day
satisfaction guarantee so protect your
iPad and check out paper like screen
protectors at the link below I can't
tell if this one looks comically large
or this one looks adorable by comparison
either way the team absolutely outdid
themselves with this thing we're going
to take a closer look at it later but
guys this is as true to the original as
we possibly could make it like this is
metal you
guys ah anyway the Only Rule for today's
stream
is that I am not allowed to use a
regular size screwdriver I have to build
the whole system with this thankfully
our first step doesn't require
screwdriver at all so I get to cross
that bridge a little bit later for our
CPU we've gone with the ryzen 7 7800 x3d
it features eight cores and 16 threads
and all eight of those cores have access
to amd's 3D vcash and can boost to up to
five gigahertz making this pretty much
the best CPU for price to Performance
and the best CPU for gaming it currently
costs about
$375 and we're going to be installing it
in a what is your problem what buddy
what what did I do sorry we're doing a
Micro ATX build well you couldn't at
least give me a fullsize system it's way
more comical when the screwdriver is
bigger than the
computer I agree with you it's comical
but this is my life it's it's going to
go fine don't worry it's going to be
easy all right we've gone with the
gigabyte v650 M gaming X ax uh it
features 2 and a half gig Lan a couple
of m.2 pcie Gen 4 ports it's got Wi-Fi
6E which used to be so impressive and
now that Wi-Fi 7 is so much better every
time I see Wi-Fi 6 I'm like uh like man
in previous generations I saw like you
know previous generation Wi-Fi I'm like
eh yeah what ever now it's like gross
Wi-Fi 7 is so cool not that it really
matters guys it doesn't really matter
for day-to-day web browsing or anything
like that CU realistically your DNS
lookup is going to take longer than the
actual uh data download from the site
that you're visiting I sincerely hope
that I have all the pieces of this
because uh oh there's the fourth screw
oh good all right we're off to a really
good start here anyway this board is
definitely on the expensive side for an
matx board at about $300 but uh when we
were looking it up it seems maybe
they're no longer making them since uh
almost all marketplaces are shipping
from someone other than gigabytes so uh
I don't know gigabyte sent this one cuz
they said they had it kicking around
let's get our CPU installed it supports
up to
192 megabytes I say megabytes gigabytes
sorry I'm a little flustered now because
I thought those screws were missing up
to 192 gigabytes of ddr5 memory
and there you go there's our 7800 x3d I
haven't had to touch the screwdriver yet
um oh but we've had issues getting uh it
to run that much memory at anything
higher than 4,800 megat transfers per
second so I guess we'll see how that
goes no we won't because we're going to
be using the 64 gig kit of g-skill
trident Z5 Neo it's cl30 at 6,000 megat
transfers per second we got these for
just over over $200 I guess we're
talking about the pricing a little bit
more than usual because the system is
going to be uh part of our giveaway yeah
correct that's pretty exciting so this
is going to be like a rocking system
this is super fast Ram super fast CPU I
haven't actually seen the rest of the
parts for this yet but
[Applause]
uh I'm sure they're going to be equally
awesome all right there we go man this
is going so well I'm not having any
trouble at all oh now we've reached the
point where we're going to need our
screwdriver but that was movie Magic
before and we're going to have to make
it that was special effects before and
we're going to have to make it starting
with the
handle SLS stands for Selective laser
centering and uses a laser to fuse nylon
particles together layer by layer until
you have your part these printers can
get as fine as 50 Micron per layer or .5
mm in our case we are printing at 0.1
millimet per layer when it's finished
your part will come out as a giant chunk
of
powder we then take this chunk over to
the form laabs fuse sift here which is a
vacuum sifter and duster allinone using
the tools on this machine we break away
and clean off our pieces that are buried
inside the extra nylon form lab's
biggest Flex in my opinion is the
ability to recycle the excess nylon
after cleaning off your parts you can
mix in some of the new powder and put it
back into the printer to minimize waste
there we go we have the handle and the
selector as well as the tube that holds
the Big Clip that will slide into the
bottom some of these orange pieces are
printed on our standard 3D filament
printers in our case the bambooz Andes
we have here before we make some of the
metal parts we have to get these to line
us
ow what the heck
Sebastian okay well this is fun we've
got a lot of parts here I guess it's
time to pick them up and see how they
all kind of work together pick up
52 it's a good game that's kind of rude
of him it's good game um you you know
that these are
like freaking heavy right yeah listen
that was sebasti that's a mark on my
arm there's a mark on my arm Elijah from
there's a mark on my hand where no
that's from before no it's not that's a
bruise you just bruised my hand and my
arm I'll get the work form I'm calling
Ariana
um okay so lus shows how it would all go
together I have to be 100% a stack with
you as lewig would
say it's not quite how he says it um I
have never actually assembled this from
these parts like this is done by our by
our suppliers so I'm I'm going to try
and figure this out uh right here this
piece would normally be made out of zinc
in our production units and this
goes uh did this break when you threw
everything at me uh it might have oh
yeah that one totally broke it did yeah
okay but that's okay um Sebastian threw
it well not me is this the one they're
supposed to win no cuz that other one
was special effects like this is the
only one right okay we made
three cuz Creator Warehouse wanted to
keep
one okay that is actually not good use
of time yeah do you know how much the
just the like this material cost for
making the screwdriver
don't don't tell them this stuff is
super expensive yes I do know that yes
uh this is a lot of it yes I'm going to
guess that each of these drivers
probably costs in the neighborhood of $5
to $700 yeah you're basically bang on
that's not labor cost that's like
material cost and we made three to to be
fair it's not more difficult to make
three than it is to make one I didn't
say it was more difficult I said it cost
more yeah it cost three times as
much okay well at any rate uh here's a
broken one of them so this piece right
here is this piece right here you guys
can see that so that is made out of zinc
on the production ones and goes into the
handle a little something like that and
then um I mean I guess there's some
other stuff here okay this is
um uh uh do do we have just like some CA
glue or something so I can at least like
kind of put this on there or hot glue i'
settle for hot glue uh no okay maybe
here's the inside I guess does that go
kind of like that are you uh are you
planning to save me here or are you just
going to let me kind of I want you to
struggle fumble my way through this
you're you're pretty close actually y
okay yeah that goes there oh these got
to go on here first though trying to
remember yeah okay
that um is this supposed to this so this
was actually our first unit that was
printed so the tolerances might not be
that good so you might not be be able to
get
it wow I was setting you up for failure
how's the uh sorry I was I was I was
asking myself how's the bottom of that
bus but um I guess I know yeah you're
the one that was thrown under
yeah oh my
god dude wear eye protection what if
these like shatter some pieces already
did fly off uh I mean those are those
are unimportant pieces okay I have an
idea okay um here hold this okay hold on
I think you were missing a piece missing
a piece uhoh oh oh the ninja star uh oh
I don't think we got that PR for this
one yeah okay then we're good uh the
ninja star is the piece that sits in
between the two bit holders and allows
you to configure it so they won't
accidentally slide or so that you can
have two on either side anyway um or so
you can put in one big one oh oh there
you go you did it no no no no no no here
here what am I holding you're just
you're just holding um no no no no
you're holding uh there yeah good and
then here what no cuz that's going to
pinch my fingers buddy well I mean
that's not my problem no no no no no no
no
okay percussive maintenance baby boys
look at that okay so that goes right
there cool cool cool cool uh I'm pretty
sure where's the top oh oh terrible
again our first prints of all of this
it's pretty
rough oh my
goodness bro you're going
to ooh a
snack don't eat that no okay we got some
man did they did they like no offense to
the Creator Warehouse team did they
screw up the settings on this print or
something I can't remove the supports I
don't know I didn't make it that's fair
okay we're not going to we're not going
to bother we're not going to get this
fully together anyways okay it was more
just to show you kind of where the
pieces went yeah okay for the assembly
so that goes there I'm pretty sure this
one it goes in the screwdriver yeah yeah
do you remember which way I I don't know
I didn't build a screwdriver oh my God
okay that goes in kind of a little
something like that and then remember
it's supposed to have one of these here
so that kind of goes there and then
there's some other metal componentry for
the ratchet and then this bad boy goes
here yeah kind of like that and kind of
like that and such okay so now I get to
throw it at you right sure I'm ready no
I'm not going to do that it's heavy and
it hurt okay let's go ahead and uh do
whatever is supposed to happen next well
do you think you could well we got to
install our SSD which no what we've got
to do is show this next to our 40 oz
water bottle for size comparison oh yeah
here I got it right
here there we go that's the box of it
cool so guys our 40 oz water bottle was
like they
didn't that was so worth it
that that was so worth
it well that one's like half the price
right so it was worth it we built four
no we built three and then one of those
that's what I asked oh four yeah four
total
I mean it's definitely cute it was
perfect cuz it fits in the Box you I get
the joke all right uh so they they even
scripted a whole thing for me to say
this is compared to our 40 oz water
bottle in LTT store.com it's going to
take two hands just to hold the handle
we'll get to that first this whole
computer is being auctioned off oh cool
is it for charity no no sorry that
should not be in there oh that should
not be in there oh okay we're giving it
away remember yeah we're giving away
that's even better uh the total value of
the system is apparently 2200 bucks so
let's uh let's get to some of the other
things that are included like our SSD
Sabin sent over their rocket 4 plus 2
terabytes lots of room for games this
thing is flipping fast at I need my
screwdriver now oh well we have to print
the rest of the metal
Parts uh should be up
next okay I'll tell you what we will
return to this
um after Sebastian shows you guys how we
made the internals of the giant
screwdriver it's pretty amazing and it
involves metal 3D printing we need a few
metal parts to complete our screwdriver
the ratchet gear the zinc hosing and the
two paws in addition to a few assorted
other ones we have a full breakdown of
each of these components and are
dedicated how we made the screwdriver
video so our main focus of the day is
how we made these parts since they are
metal and not easily printed on a
conventional printer ridia uses a
two-stage process with the first taking
place in the machine here this is the
actual printer part you upload your
files using ridia slicer which will
scale it to the appropriate size more on
that later and calculate where your
support goes this second nozzle prints a
thin layer between your supports so you
can break it off later because unlike
the support system in a traditional 3D
printer the metal that we are printing
will melt in Phase 2 without proper
support speaking of phase 2 let's look
at the centering oven after the part is
printed it goes in here for either 12 or
24 hours depending on the size of the
piece ridia has asked us not to show the
inside of the machine as it's a trade
secret but we will throw some footage of
that slicer software on the screen
remember how I said the software scales
the part appropriately well it's because
during the cing phase it shrinks between
15 and 20% you can see that based on the
gray outline and the lighter colored
parts once this is done you can pull it
out do any filing you need to help
smooth out the edges and that's it a 3D
printed part we only ended up needing
this for the ratchet gear since the
housing and PS turned out to be much
easier on the cell's printer we still
tried printing the housing which Linus
we'll have to show to you guys this is
great the only problem with this is the
bed isn't very big and we still need to
make the shaft of our screwdriver for
that I'll throw it over to Future me our
tormach 1100 MX will be doing the heavy
lifting by cutting out both the knurling
in our shaft and the end where you place
the bits this machine is capable of
spinning up to 10,000 RPM has a 12 tool
automatic tool changer and can mill on
four aises meaning we are able to make
super complex shapes like the
screwdriver handle or in our case the
screw screwdriver shaft time to put it
together dang look at this time to give
it to lus so we can take a closer look
catch oh my goodness jeez you got to
guys got to stop throwing stuff at me
anyway check this thing out we finally
get to take a closer look at it my notes
just say show off the ratchet oh I need
that so we originally tried to print it
with the metal um but it ended up being
easier to print those parts on the SLS
printer but we still printed one just
because it was so
cool that is so cool so the actual giant
screwdriver has a plastic ratchet in it
uh I believe it's a plastic or the the
SLS housing and then the gear is still
is still metal yeah I can get Sebastian
to message me and double check but is so
cool man I love metal 3D printing it's
just like how you know like check this
out guys it's got all the layers that
you would expect from um just like a a
layered deposition 3D printing method
but they take the whole thing well I
guess you guys just watched how it works
but yeah it's still very very cool like
the fact that you can just do this with
metal flipping incredible yeah the level
the level of detail here
guys that is
unreal it doesn't seem like it should be
possible but man they are 3D printing
flipping anything and everything these
days wow all right let's take a closer
look at the screwdriver itself so let's
let's see how much being partially
plastic affects the feel of the ratchet
so on our normal screwdriver we've got
three positions for the
ratchet this way this way
and locked how actually not bad I would
say
proportionally that's
probably about as much play as the
original has man that nerling good Lord
look at my hand it is very sharp look at
my
fingers this is this is like dangerous
yeah uh is is that just from scaling it
up 100% it's just from scaling it
wow okay um I bet part of it is also
just the manufacturing method of it too
I assume this was turned on the tormach
correct yeah so these are just sharp
freaking peaks of metal here here here
I'm going to do it on purpose this time
hold on I'm just going to hold on to
this
okay kind of shows up but oh there you
go way better holy don't you worry don't
you worry it shows up okay another
reason we did also make the stubby was
to perfect
you know the prototyping you'll notice
that the clicks of the selector on this
one are way nicer feeling than this one
and we made this one
first oh
okay okay and it goes to show with
prototyping you can find your error
errors where to improve and act upon
it okay now I do have some questions it
looks like for our magnet we've used a
gigantic neodymium ring magnet instead
of the standard little button magnet
that we use in the regular screwdriver
correct if you get a thick enough piece
of metal you can hold it like it's a 6
and a 12 pounds and it will hang all
right let's have a look at our bit
storage
here oh my God we made bits of course we
had the metal 3D
printer what screw am I supposed to
drive what would this even be a number
here hold on guys just for scale like
three times the size doesn't sound that
much bigger Until you realize that it's
three times the size in every
Dimension which makes it 27 times the
volume yeah so look that is just three
times the length right and I mean yeah I
guess yes that that's yeah that's just
three times the width there you go
but it looks so much bigger it's so much
heavier yes you guys printed every bit
you guys even made oh wait this isn't a
magnet bit there is a magnet bit in
there somewhere there should be if not I
will get it from there go oh right here
oh there it is oh my God you guys made a
magnet bit okay one of the features of
the LTT screwdriver is that we have uh a
magnet bit so that you can kind of reach
in and grab stuff that you or whatever
not that I would know anything about
that um okay let's go tip to tip here
hey there you
go oh my God it's so
strong don't oversell it all right
here's your here's your Philips head
anyway the bit that I picked out before
looks like a hybrid it it looks like the
the hex Drive was printed on the ridia
and then it looks like this which is one
of our standard shafts but which doesn't
have the nerling on it is embedded in it
yes Sebastian made this as the adapter
bit because that's how you're going to
assemble the
PC brilliant you will put the adapter
bit and then use normal bits in the
adapter
bit well let's get to work shall we I
have an SSD to install uh I gu gu I'll
use I'll use this camera Den
screwdriver that does not have the
standard load out I will use my retro
screwdriver uh for my bits here starting
with a man this feels ridiculous
starting with a Phillips number one for
my
SSD I I it here look I actually it cut
cut off my cut off my whole body like it
almost looks like tiny hands
meme I've got a
screwdriver when we had it on the top
down earlier it looks like the boxes are
just oversized and the screwdriver is
regular sized it's or or boxes are very
small and the screwdriver is normal size
it's very funny the perspective it plays
okay uh do you mind Elijah could you put
my computer here so I look at chat uh
Dan do you have any merch messages for
me in the meantime oh I guess now is as
good a time as any to tell you guys
about merch messages if you're not
familiar with our streams uh we don't
use super chats we don't use twitch bits
we do stream on a lot of different
platforms including on Twitter Facebook
uh twitch
YouTube am I missing any uh we do Tik
Tok for the WAN show oh okay but we're
not doing Tik Tok today no just a w yeah
that's fine anyway we stream on lots of
different platforms but the way to
interact with our program is through
merch messages we feel that instead of
just throwing money at your screen you
should throw money at your screen and
get highquality merchandise in the mail
for your trouble so all you got to do is
go to LTT store.com check out some of
our fantastic products like our new dip
dieye hoodie our screwdriver obviously
our trying to think what else we got we
got mouse pads we got all kinds of
really high quality stuff you can check
out the reviews and then in the cart all
you got to do is check out that box that
says leave a merch message and when your
order goes through our a merch message
will go to our producer Dan who will
either respond to it himself uh forward
it to someone internally who can answer
your question uh he can just have it pop
up along the bottom of the screen so you
know if youve if you want to say like
you know hi Mom who watches LT as well
and you can do that as well or he'll
curate it for me Andor my co-host to
address on Stream So Dan's going to show
you guys how it works by reading out a
merch message lonus if you could spend a
day with a celebrity who would it be oh
shoot I always forget who uh who my like
celebrity
um like like people I would care about
you know what uh I I would I would
probably see I hate this cuz it's like
creepy right like the last thing I would
want is for is for him to hear me say
this what about Luke um spending the day
with Luke I mean sure yeah I would I
actually if it was just to hang out and
spend the day and I didn't want it to be
you know awkward and weird because I'm
like a weird fan or something then sure
Luke um if it's not that if I answer the
question in good faith then uh it would
probably be Trey Parker I think that I
would have a lot to learn from him about
story in um the guy is just an absolute
Master uh there's this video that I have
I shown you that that video where he
went in and with Matt Stone they gave
like a really short talk on sort of
Storytelling I think you've told me but
you haven't shown me I I I show it to
the writers all the time and basically
it's this master class on storytelling
that they do in like two minutes because
that's what they do where he goes okay
so anytime you've got you know all the
Beats of your story and you've got kind
of your ideas for where you want to
start where you want to end up um and
you've got all these sort of events that
take place um you need to make sure that
in between absolutely everything that
happens you are a you're saying but then
or something else um the most important
part is that you never say and then and
then this happens and then this happens
and then this happens because then
there's no consequences there's no cause
and effect it's just a sequence of
events that's not a story and that's
something that um I have I kind of
understood intrinsically and and was
trying to do but had never really known
what I was doing right like I was one of
those people who just was like doing it
kind of right but sometimes I'd screw it
up because I didn't understand why I was
doing it mostly right A lot of the time
and I had no way of explaining that to
the rest of the team so I came across
that and then I I showed it to all the
all the writers that have been here
longer than Elijah the real writers not
Junior I get it um and I think it's I
think it's made a difference anyway I'm
supposed to continue the computer build
I why don't you give me one more while I
unbox this noctua nhu12s chromax black
wow we found an old LT Edition for the
build yes we did absolutely sick and you
even included am5 mounting hardware man
this you know he may be he may be a
junior writer but he's got he's got
senior um senior capabilities written
all over him yo that means I get the
discount let's go I'm amazed Elijah did
the bare
minimum good job thanks Dan hey you're
doing better than most
people okay maybe my expectations are
too low all right hit me Dan no good job
uh in the products you select to create
are you focused on single product or Do
you want to build out a suite of
products for example building a tool kit
for a network admin or a complete kit
for computer repair so one of the first
things that are I guess not really new
CEO he's been here about a year now but
one of the first things that our CEO
identified about our product development
process when he came in a year ago was
that
it's kind of random um see the truth is
a lot of our product development stems
from minus wants a thing and if you're
going to put the effort into developing
one um to your guys's Point earlier
about how making three of these really
wasn't a lot more work than making one
of them if you're going to make one
that's up to my standard then you might
as well mass-produce them in actuality
it doesn't really work like that um and
there are there are lots of challenges
scaling up production past one but that
is the reason why a lot of things that
are available on the store exist um now
that's not necessarily how we want
things to work forever there are
definitely cases where we are sort of
creating portfolio pieces that is to say
making products uh to complement our
other products um or we're uh making
products just because we've identified
uh a competitive advantage that we might
have compared to other products that are
in the market but no the reason that our
the reason that our mix is is
pretty uh variety e for lack of a better
word is because uh it's just stuff that
I wanted to make a lot of the time like
why do we have a shape sorter toy for
small children that is All Tech shapes
instead of circles and squares and the
like uh because I thought it was a
really cute idea I don't know I don't
know what to tell you guys I'm sorry I'm
sorry my ADD creeps into every aspect of
my life I'm afraid this is really
inefficient um one thing I noticed when
I was trying is it gets really my arm
got tired yeah cuz it's really heavy so
the thing is I use the knurling on our
driver to put screws in really quickly
because each roll of my finger and thumb
is I guess yeah jeez like 3/4 of a
rotation almost
well on this each roll because it's so
wide is about a third of a
rotation so I just get to do this
forever this is brilliant uh Dan you
better hit me with another merch message
got to stall for yeah we get through a
couple though just screwing in one time
uh let's see lonus what's your favorite
lonus
meme oh
no I don't know if it's really a meme
but that one that Jake bellance has on
his wall where I have the pack of chips
that I'm holding the bag of chips and
it's a CPU inside and it's like dropping
and I'm I'm I'm chasing it and Luke's
all no but I'm a goat and he's a bear
for some reason uh that's pretty cool my
understanding is there might be like
some kind of furry sexual undertones to
it that like I'm not really that sort of
engaged with that scene so um
that's a possibility but I just I kind
of choose not to see it that way and I
just think it's kind of you know a cute
picture with uh animal versions of me
and Luke and it doesn't have to be
sexual so uh I I really like that one uh
I've definitely seen some really good
ones where it's like a grid of
3x3 of just like uh there's like a dog
and like a bunch of different just like
dead pan faces and they got like liest
face in there I don't know we haven't
really had we haven't really had any big
meme moments in a while I don't think uh
oh do we have thermal compound yes we
should uh do we have PTM 7950 uh it's
probably in the fridge it's in the
fridge well um stall
them I
wasn't Dan
merch I don't know how to stall I'm not
oh actually I think I have one for you
for me ah I actually I think it was for
for line anyway hi Dan I had a question
for lonus when will Elijah
graduate I think you've already
graduated I man the meme online is that
I'm just like 12 or 15 years old like
I'm just having graduated high school
yet you're like nearly as old as lonus
now right I'm I'm getting there someone
forgot to put the PTM 7950 back in there
from the CEO PC build I don't know who
the writer I should say junior writer
was on that one maybe if we didn't film
till 6 p.m
6: p.m. I wouldn't have been tired W
yeah gota gotta love that that's that's
what we call gen Z overtime oh my
goodness stop uh but to answer your
question I've already graduated I am
26 I am not still in high
school all right let's go ahead and get
some thermal compound on here by the way
look look gen Z relax your Tik toks okay
I'm kidding I'm kidding it was a
generalization that I made a joke about
because I think generalizations are
stupid that's what I think is funny
about it we had uh it had been a very
challenging day so I'm we started late
and Alex said it was a three-day project
and we somehow managed to get it done in
like what like four or five hours but to
be fair In fairness Alex said it was a
three-day project and we threw three
people at it in one day made it a one-
day project yeah exactly what is it nine
women can make a baby in one month
oh um that's good to know so I've
started putting thermal compound on
ryzen processors like this these days
cuz the uh the core D are actually down
here like kind of at the bottom but that
doesn't mean you want to leave the whole
thing naked it probably doesn't matter
because as long as you put enough on
it'll spread across the whole thing but
just a little you know free a free Tech
tip God this thing is heavy am I even
going to be do I even have enough
clearance to get this in here I built
the entire computer with it okay do you
have the shaft extension uh oh yeah
right oh man yeah if things go bad I
could always just use oh forgot you had
the adapter oh that's going to be sick
here we go I could always just use the
shaft extension from LT store.com should
have made an oversized shaft extension
you need like a ladder to get up there
oh wow look how much slop there is it
when it's this
long oh my we call that acceptable
tolerance um just okay just hold on hold
on guys just so you just so you know
this is normal a little bit what you
just saw there that was that was not
that was not normal that's that's uh
that's what we call that's what we call
unnormal I believe is the correct for oh
my goodness you can't you can't just
lift it up from
the you know if the bits didn't weigh
like 2 lbs between them this would be a
lot
easier all right Dan you want to hit H
me again sure I've got a few here let's
see what are your thoughts on the Galaxy
watch 6 or the rumors for the G for the
watch
7 I don't know I was pretty into the
whole Smartwatch thing early on uh I I
loved my Pebble uh and my Pebble time or
you know whatever the color one was
called I think was called the pebble
time um I I I loved being able to you
know quickly or discreetly check a
message um I I loved being able to reply
via voice when my hands weren't free
like there's a lot of things that I
really uh you know loved about the
Smartwatch experience but there's also a
lot of things that I don't really care
about about the Smartwatch experience
and a lot of them have turned more into
Health trackers that I don't it doesn't
really have a ton of value to me
especially because from my experience
they're so woefully inaccurate that I
just I find it hard to take them
seriously and I'm nothing if not a very
serious
person sorry I was just appreciating the
irony of talking about taking things
seriously while I do what it is that I'm
doing right now this is a brand new case
eh oh cool hold on hold on though I'm uh
I'm not done talking about smart watches
yet I thought you were done sorry so I
was super into them in the early days I
don't really need a lot of the new
features that have been coming out in
the latest ones uh I tried using the
OnePlus Watch 2 for a while there they I
think they were I think they were
thinking of uh doing some sponsor spots
or something like that and they wanted
me to have some firsthand experience and
you know what it was fine I didn't
really have any complaints about it I
just was not strongly incentivized
enough to put it on every day by the
features that I was getting from it um I
kind of go through phases sometimes I'm
like a watch guy and I can't survive
without having the time on my wrist and
sometimes I don't care about it as much
the reason that I that we were
interested in working together though
was it has a badminton mode o like for
for its activity tracker and you know
what it seemed pretty accurate even
though it's on my off hand it seemed to
track the number of swings pretty well
and stuff so like I said no complaints
about it or anything I just uh got lazy
and stopped daily driving it it's
sitting on my uh my clothes dryer right
now because I I I don't remember for
some reason I put it there and the
charger upstairs and I haven't reunited
them yet I was supposed to say a little
bit about this cooler according to case
labs' website it's the max size for a
cooler for this case yeah and this is
our new case that we're doing cool so uh
we're going to find out real quickly if
it works
um ah this
case this looks like exactly what it is
a gigantic version of like the Dan case
which is pretty cool it doesn't use a it
doesn't use a sandwich style layout like
some previous uh Dan cases have in the
past but honestly I kind of like that
you don't have to use a riser so your
GPU just kind of goes in the bottom
right here it's got a mesh covered so
it's got a filtered intake all along the
bottom of the case so any kind of you
know double or triple fan Style GPU is
going to suck fresh air directly from
the bottom it's super low height like we
are just looking at the height of the
motherboard itself plus a C13 power
receptacle which is great if you have
something like a media console I went
through this a while back and I ended up
with an matx case from sliger when I did
my um actually you guys were probably
gaming on it this weekend we had a land
at my house um so the the machine that's
in the VR room is that is that sliger
machine and it's super cool because it's
matx so I can have expansion cards in it
and I needed that for a USB a
multi-controller USB expansion card for
all of my like full body tracking uh VR
stuff because I was having some issues
with the onboard USB and then there was
one other expansion card that I needed
for it so I couldn't use ITX uh but I
didn't want to go full ATX because then
it wouldn't fit in my stupid media
console and their case I believe it's
called the Cerberus don't quote me on
that anyway it's one of sliger cases has
uses a similar concept where uh
everything else is moved horizontally
and it's pretty much just the height of
the motherboard vertically so that it
can fit in tight spaces and this looks
like a much roomier easier to work in
version of that albeit a longer one so
depending on your use case it might be
better to go for something like this or
might be better to go for something like
this this is only going to be 70 bucks
yeah it's actually a really good price
wow at least that's the current
pre-order price I don't know if it's
going up after that but got it okay well
that's pretty sick they actually moved
up the Embargo for us to be today so we
could we one of the first people to be
able to use it and build a PC in it oh
very cool all right well let's go ahead
and get this screw taken
out I feel like this is the point where
the build starts to go a little
slower uh Dan save me
hey lonus Elijah and Dan love the giant
stubby you going to make that one a
prize too question how are the backpack
Carabiner Replacements looking finally
got one broken after a year and a half
sad face uh oh that's a really good
question I believe production is done
and I believe they're sending them out
um can you please
message I don't know someone from
Creator warehouse and we'll try and get
you guys an answer for that on the
stream today
now let's figure
out uh yeah how this goes in no problem
uh everything is more challenging
normally I would just put this in here
and then I would you know I would one
hand put everything in because I've got
you know my knurling and my uh perfectly
balanced as all things should be hold on
doesn't have a bit in it so it might
actually be a little back heavy there we
go perfectly balanced as all things
should be screwdriver and I just kind of
go like this uh that is not an option
today I may actually have to lay the
system down to install the motherboard
for a change we do have a top down if
you think it would help uh yeah yeah I
mean it's that's up to the production
crew whatever you guys like want to hit
me with another merch message yeah sure
absolutely let's see what we got here
how do you know when it's time to
upgrade a PC or
component that is one of those questions
that the only person who can answer it
is you I get asked that all the time and
you know what the if I told you guys
anything other than when you feel like
you need an upgrade then I would just be
encouraging like Mindless consumerism
and and keeping up with the Joneses I
mean obviously if the way you frame your
question is you know okay when should I
upgrade to have a Competitive Edge all
right I might have to give you a
different answer because the reality of
it is there
are oh shoot are these M3 these feel
like they might be M3 motherboard
standoffs they are okay lean Lee is an
M3
shop where's my where's my other screws
here uh there
[Applause]
are okay hold on I don't see any M3
screws are these not are these 632 no
these look like M3 standoffs Elijah do
you know where my M3 screws are uh I
thought I put them back in there okay
they are not no no they're not trust me
no uh that's okay we have a whole thing
of M3 screws right
[Music]
here oh yeah I planned that just in case
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah sure
uh oh yeah this is really not ideal for
some reason our our big pack of like the
the circle top ones is not here and
these are these are all random ones uh
there's these ones what do you got is
there one of those no no no no no no
these are like machine screws for the
shop I don't know why those are there
oh okay well it was going too smoothly
anyway uh the point is something like
for example a high refresh rate OLED
monitor with very very uh low
persistence man that is going to give
you a four real Z's Competitive Edge
even in online play where realistically
a lot of the latency is down toer your
network connection or the the net code
of the game um but if you're just asking
you know okay I play you know I play
casual games or I shouldn't say casual
but I I play casually you know I don't I
don't compete I'm not like in it to win
it um and it just comes down to when you
feel like there's a game you want to
play that's that's not living up to your
expectations and and that's something
you can find out for yourself right like
if you want to know okay do I really
want to run cyberpunk at Ultra you know
we live in the age of YouTube right you
could you can go online you can see what
the game looks like at those settings
you could even set it to them yourself
and check it out and see if you feel
like that's going to make a meaningful
difference to uh your your gameplay
experience and if you think it is then
hey yeah might be time for an upgrade
and if you came to me and you framed the
question as hey I want better
performance
in this game or and here's my system
specs you know I could recommend a
specific upgrade for you but I don't
like telling people you know oh well huh
this is the point where your computer
sucks bro it's it's not the message of
our Channel and it's never been the
message of our Channel like we're all a
boat go you know go back almost 10 years
right to when we did scrapyard Wars um
I'm reminded of that kazer song right
like it doesn't it doesn't matter what
you drive it's you drive what you got
right and and so we we put together you
know between you know those uh $500
scrapyard Wars PCS that were very
capable of like highs speec 1080p gaming
to our $69 gaming PC series which by the
way is coming back which is very
exciting we're going to be doing another
$69 PC better than ever and should be
capable of 1080p gaming uh we're all
about that PC Gaming's greatest
Advantage compared to console or
compared to
yeah console it's biggest Advantage
compared to console gaming is the
affordability the fact that you can buy
a computer today for like a hundred
bucks and you have this enormous like
gargantuan back catalog of amazing games
to play many of which are not that
demanding that's the best thing about PC
gaming so no you don't need to upgrade
your PC you need to upgrade your
perspective there's no reason that you
have to play the latest games you can
play older
games you can play like retro styled
games one of my favorites uh cross Cod U
from radical
fish you can run that thing on a potato
trust me we tried actually we didn't run
cross cat on the potato PC but I kind of
wish we had kind of wish we had uh one
that I've been enjoying a lot lately is
from a really small developer I don't
even remember their name but tape to
tape it's a Rog light hockey game man
that run that was heartbreaking I uh I
was caused a lot of depression we we
almost beat it on Expert during the land
we had a really long hour and a half run
and just heartbreaking loss to the
golfers excellent rectangle is the
developer excellent
rectangle that's a very fun game it's an
excellent excellent name and yeah same
thing that game would run on a potato so
don't worry about it now it looks like
this front does not have any kind of
airflow pass through so I'm going to be
mounting my power
supply this way wow full-sized ATX power
supply and everything in here there is
another way you could Mount the power
supply oh you can actually mount it on
the back on the back you say so this
piece here no sorry on the this side oh
against this wall this piece can
actually come out mhm and then go here
if you would like and I guess the idea
is what if I have like a giant radiator
here
which is that piece you took off earlier
got it got it got it well we're going
air cooling because we need to ship this
system and we'd like it to arrive in one
piece actually aios can be really good
for shipping but also we're streaming
and um I think it was the charity stream
when we implemented the no more aios for
live streams policy because uh that was
brutal building those five computers
with aios was absolutely a mistake I
guess I'm supposed to talk about our
power supply right we've gone with the
RM 850x it's fully modular 80
plus 80 plus gold efficiency comes with
all the cables you'd ever need and we're
going to be sending the extra cables to
whoever wins the PC uh do we have does
it come with the 12volt high power
connector no because this one's a little
bit of an older model um but we do have
the adapter guys put some random cable
mod Pro cables in here I opened the box
and they were in
there I see yeah
fine uh the 4080 needs how many three
correct three all right let's just we'll
throw I'm I like to throw these on ahead
of time if I
can I'm going to put the oh I'm going to
do no such thing I'm going to put these
three right here and one and two and a
Dan you want to hit me with a merch
message yeah sure and I've got a bit of
a response here from Kyle first oh
perfect apparently they're currently
packaged in the offshore supplier and
we're having them air freighted over
unfortunately we will hopefully have
some official timelines soon soon soon.
P official timeline coming soon but
we've got them they're really nice I
like carab yeah they're good uh let's
see what about I got here
um dear legus the short hello everyone
on set when will the big screwdriver be
available in store I got a use case in
civil construction for big screws
not
happening it's it's a very silly it's a
very silly product and it's not
something that we are going to develop
for mass production what about made to
order nope okay I tried guys I'm sorry
at that cost well we'll just sell them
for like
$25,000 If people really want it you're
going to deny buy that and we look
like okay we already take a ton of flack
for the $70 price point of the regular
screwdriver which I'm not apologizing
for it's a really highquality device
it's manufactured to tight tolerances
that's what that costs if you don't like
it don't buy it that's fine um but if we
had the gull to list a
$2500 screwdriver on our site I think
I'd be on their side
Elijah but what if Taran says we have to
do it he's not he's not going to do that
teran's a lot smarter than that
that's why we hired
him jeez all right Dan hit me looks so
awkward with
hard he'll get it he'll get it oh my
gosh okay from what I remember there was
some plans for a collaboration with
fillian at some point are there any
updates on this okay Elijah's actually
on point on this project so uh yes there
is some updates we've been trying to get
working with a piece of Hardware called
SL clme VR uh there's been a lot of
delays in the getting the video done due
to getting some models made the
communication of it the hardware wasn't
working I did get the hardware working
but it doesn't work in this office
because it uses 2.4 so I'm going to
Linus's house at some point to try
getting it working but the model is made
and it looks amazing and I really want
to get this pro project done um but
there's been a lot of other hiccups
doing the charity stream this Stream So
excuses I would like to say soon TM but
there is a model made which is it look
Linus it looks amazing I got to play as
it it looks fantastic I'm very very
excited I I I genuinely believe that V
tubing
is uh like the future um I I think that
it's an incredible way for uh for for
digital creators to extend their their
lifespan like not their literal lifespan
but their
the the lifespan of their relevance like
it's something that as soon as it came
up on my radar you probably heard me
talk about this on Wan show you know
seven years ago or or whatever but as
soon as this came up on my radar I'm
like man I'm going to age out of being a
liveaction host at some point but our
company could transition to like vtuber
hosts um and and like digital like
virtual production uh and I think for us
you know given our area of expertise a
hybrid would be the coolest thing where
we could have a digital host but like
practical b-roll for example like how
cool would that be and we are so close I
mean if not there now um if we were
willing to kind of put the time and
resources into creating workflows around
it we are so close to a reality where
that sort of mixed reality is absolutely
possible I can I can I can actually hear
hold on
there it is I can hear the gears turning
in Andy's head right now as he thinks
about how I was supposed to uh bring the
115in TV back to the office so that we
could use it as a as a digital backdrop
for that kind of um uh like like virtual
set virtual production um workflow but I
ended up uh I I ended up switching it
from a from a work expense to a personal
purchase when I realized how awesome it
was and by the way man what an ace move
that ended up being you guys you guys
see that you guys see that in the news
recently so TCL uh not only have I had
that TV for what what month is it may
not only have I had that TV already for
almost 6 months while everyone else on
the continent has been waiting around
like a hoser but they just announced
their North American pricing and it is
more than double what I paid
yeah yeah
buddy man it was a good tax wrate off
yeah gota gota love the like I don't
know Fu America tax of like yeah we'll
just casually like double the price I
don't even know if it comes with the
white glove service here I I
legitimately don't know I didn't check
that but the fact that it's just twice
as expensive just because like America
is freaking ridiculous cuz I can tell
you guys I can promise you that the
freight across the ocean
done account for it that was like 500
bucks or six 700 I I don't remember
exactly how much it was it wasn't
$112,000 I can tell you that much that
TV is always impresses me every time I
watch something on it it's it's
incredible man we played tape to tape on
it so we had everybody like in the
theater like ah man that was great that
was that that was a fun land definitely
more chill than the last land that we
did like we didn't have nearly as many
people as last time we made the Tactical
error of booking it for a long weekend
so I think a lot of people were like oh
yeah I'm coming yeah that works for me
and then realized oh uh nope I am not
coming and no that doesn't work for me
uh so we ended up setting up like the
whole upper garage for land seats and
like two people ended up sitting there
and then they moved downstairs later
because they didn't yeah we basically
didn't need the space the smaller land
was good though cuz it just you could
play more games with more people it felt
like and no one felt left out from
certain games and whatever yeah and you
know no one no one got discouraged by
their complete lack of skill in spite of
um advertising thems as like an
experienced
player I I I don't want to start this on
stream so I ended
up in one of the worst left for dead
matches that I have ever played and for
perspective for perspective between Left
4 Dead 1 and Left 4 Dead 2 I think I'm
in the neighborhood of 250 to 300 hours
I have played a butt ton of Left 4 Dead
um he wanted to do the versus mode where
four people play as the infected four
people play as the survivors yes that's
dead is he had asked me hey have you
played Left 4 Dead I said of course I've
played a lot of Left 4 Dead I didn't
realize that we were playing the versus
mode until we were kind of in it uh I
have never played the versus mode so so
the problem is that Elijah wasn't the
only person on my team where we'd had
that particular
miscommunication so our experienced
players I think Chase has about 300 to
400 hours in the game and is probably
one of the sweatiest gamers on staff so
he's legit my wife yvon has probably
about 150 hours in the game uh she's not
a a terrific FPS player like she hasn't
gamed a lot compared to the rest of us
in general but she's played a ton of
Left for Dead and so she's she's really
good at um at like operating as the
special infected um she's got pretty
good sort of game sense for the game she
understands the maps stuff like that
which is huge absolutely huge for that
game so Chase and yvon ended up on one
team with a person who had played a
little and the complete Noob who had
never played before and that was
supposed to balance Chase because one
Noob can basically like kill on a level
and so so that was that was the balance
Chase I ended up with three people who
said they had played
before all of which had never played
versus so essentially it was me versus
like team
sweaty okay I have I have with three
noobs stop
don't it was extremely frustrating I uh
I I probably could have hand it a little
better yes you could
have do I tell them my uh my my new
nickname
um I mean I may have described you with
that word I don't think that it wasn't
my I'm just being I'm joking I don't
think I actually addressed you as that
word we would do an action and then he
would immediately followed up with
useless that was the word he
would I was I look I was emotional and
I'm sorry
it was pretty funny I'd be like dude
dude man I'd be like I'd be like calling
out where everyone needs to set up I'd
be like okay okay where the spitters
jumping right now okay Boomer set up
there and then do this and then do that
and like everyone gets set up okay
here's everyone's role and then the
level would start and they'd just
like everyone would completely miss
their marks or fail to spawn and we also
didn't get a boomer it's a really it's a
really hard game it is legitimately an
ex extremely challenging game um and
it's one of those games that I feel like
never really took off the way that it
could have because the the skill gap
between someone who is a minus tier and
B plus tier is
enormous um like the like the the compet
the compete level of of an of an A minus
team versus a B+ team is not even close
like they'll clobber them you have to be
extremely balanced and extremely close
in skill level in order to have a fun
competitive match and especially with
newcomers uh you could have 3 hours in
the game and you could have someone with
30 minutes in the game and it's just
like not even close like that that
learning curve is so like aggressive um
so I get it I get it um but it was it
was it
was very frustrating we had a much
better game the next day day where we
balanced the teams a little bit better
we we thought to ask people if their
experience in left for dead was in
versus mode which helped a lot we were
actually within a 100 points at the end
I ended up losing again which I was
unhappy about but I've said
this probably a hundred times in my
personal life I would much rather lose a
tight game than win a blowout like I I
love to compete I don't need to win but
I love I love winning but more than that
I love to compete hard um and so that
that game was a lot of fun even though
my team ultimately came up
short really God it's funny really a
short joke yeah well I mean have you
seen the size compared to the
screwdriver oh yeah that's
actually it would be like what only one
and a half screwdrivers to be about your
height that's
awesome uh Dan do you want to hit me
with a merch message sure yeah there's
still a few left let's
see lonus with the 10th anniversary of
Channel super fun approaching what was
the strangest thing you did for a
channel super fun video Oh by far that
one where we tried to recreate uh this
weird um like Circle
matching uh Dan are you able to bring up
a video on stream uh probably quite
difficult but I can try which one would
you like uh so it's the channel super
fun where we tried to recreate this like
mobile game but in the style of like a
Japanese game show um it was Ed's idea
so I blame him for it ridiculous
Japanese game uh yeah I think that's the
one oh yeah it was it was a Japanese
mobile game and then I I like have we do
this weird dream sequence and then I
wake up and I'm in the game and I'm
dressed in like like a like a like an
anime
style outfit and Elijah Elijah's looking
this up he's looking this up I thought
you w I thought you watched all of our
videos uh I watched all the good videos
yeah o only has 200k views o uh yeah
well okay well no no you got to get his
you got to get his reaction he's going
to watch it right now hold on I got an
ad sorry still monetizing if you want oh
you've got it Dan I think so we can put
it up on stream already I got to watch
an ad first oh I got it
here all right they don't have to watch
the whole thing in fact it would
probably cause them physical pain but
you can kind of skip around in it all
right you want it this is such a long
intro oh this is a good place to start
I'm 20 seconds in you haven't done any
all right let's let's see if this will
work um we
a this will work are you ready yeah go
for it okay let me see if I'll fed that
in hopefully you guys can hear
that I can't hear
[Music]
okay that's enough of that yeah we
could so um that was an easy one to
answer so many questions look My
Philosophy has always that when it comes
to creative ideas from the team um I'm
I'm kind of a
I'm kind of a try anything twice you
know kind of person no no bad ideas
we're we're a creative
collaborative workplace and if you don't
take risks then you know you never know
what the next big hit is going to
be
dead so trying to get twice wasn't it
that clearly was not it I mean I've
dressed in drag a lot more than twice so
there's that that was a yeah dressing
and drag was hardly the weirdest thing
about that video oh I'm dead oh boy yeah
sorry for subjecting all of you to that
that's okay I needed that today can't
wait to look at the analytics for that
video and see a spike today no they're
not going to watch it they've seen
enough of it at this point it doesn't
get any
better I'll I'll say I'll say that it
doesn't it doesn't get any more
watchable
uh sorry I'm just trying to do a little
bit of cable management here uh Dan you
want to you want to hit me with another
one sure let's see what we have here
lonus if you had to choose between only
being able to use Windows Vista or never
being able to build a PC again which
would you pick and why oh I choose
Windows Vista I liked Windows Vista I
had a good computer I'm turning off this
stream I had a good computer like I'm
sorry look I'm I'm like Windows me all
over again dude no my computer was sick
and uh Windows Vista if you had enough
RAM I think I probably I probably had
like 4 gigs of RAM at that point um if
you had enough RAM man it was great and
it had the uh it had that like games
organization folder that was part of an
early Microsoft push to you know care
about Windows gaming before things got a
little bit stupid for a bit with um oh
man what was it called like games for
Windows Live okay so no that was that
era too so there were bad things there
were definitely bad things about that
era but there were good things about
that era um cuz before man like finding
where your save games were saved and all
that stuff was such a pain in the butt
like Windows Vista had some really
really good ideas um it was a huge under
thehood Improvement I mean so much of
what people liked about Windows
7 originated in Vista it's just that
they finally upgraded their computer um
and so Vista you know Vista 2 Windows 7
um didn't get the same kind of bad bad
name right cuz and a lot of it wasn't
just like having a fast CPU a lot of
what people were so upset about with
Vista was the compatibility with
existing Hardware outside of their
computer like especially printers
remember this was at a time when people
cared about printers and so you know
people would get this new computer
running Vista and they'd be like what
the heck I have to like replace my
printer or whatever this is stupid and
they were mad and I get that that
totally makes sense but I didn't need to
print anything I was a gamer um and the
actual like like if you go back you can
go find contemporaneous articles it's
not like the gaming performance was
actually any
different um between Windows XP and
Vista there were there were small
differences but not really any more than
we've seen in uh other operating system
Evolutions these uh pins for the usb3
header got a little bit bated and I'm
pretty upset about that right now I
think I can get it on I hate this
connector yeah bend it back with the
screwdriver freaking hate it no I will
not be using the screwdriver for that
thank you very much for your suggestion
Elijah I do my best I never even used
Vista yeah like my first computer was
Windows 10 we know you're young you get
it um the rest of us are old fine
Dan you want to hit me with another
one okay
sunny oh my
back uh hi LED nice combo colon right
parenthesis I just rewatched the
screwdriver release video today any news
on the deposit or legal actions against
the Taiwanese Factory best regards from
Switzerland um we
are we're generally not a
litigious crew um is the way that I
would put that I I don't think that we
have seriously pursued legal action
ultimately it's it's not really how it's
not really how I like to do business
it's not how I like to live my life um I
don't know maybe there are times when it
would have made sense for me to to take
legal action rather than just kind of
moving on but that's that's what I like
to do I like to just focus on my thing
you know do my thing as best I can and
at the end of the day the way that I see
it if I do that consistently enough for
long enough um you know if someone
wrongs me in some way then I will
ultimately come out more ahead by just
you know the best revenge is uh is is
just being successful in spite of their
efforts to to tear me down
um yeah so no um but what we have done
is we've taken the pallets of crappy
shafts that they turned for us and we
have turned them into pens so that
product is coming pretty soon we're
calling it The fail pen cuz it's made of
fail screwdriver shafts no we have a new
name for it we have a new name oh I
wanted to call it the fail pen okay fine
what's it called now have you have you
not heard this am I allowed to say this
yeah I mean yeah
sure what's it
called The Scribe driver oh that's a
good name it is a good name yeah I like
that name oh wait no I think I do
remember that actually was that James's
idea I think so I think yeah I think it
might have been James's
idea it's a good name yeah it is a good
name scribe driver knowing you you
probably would have just called it pen I
I don't name the
products I too I'm sorry I keep ragging
you on for that it's probably not fun I
too have some complaints about how we
name our products um I kind of I kind of
wish we were better at branding how
ironic for you know supposedly a uh a
company that you know access like a like
a marketing agency for sponsors right
like if you kind of if you really break
it down the pen now from Brand yeah
featuring the
backpack featuring
ink um okay I mean that's that looks
pretty good fine
not my finest work but it's my fine
work let's go ahead I'm just going to
put one more one more cable tie on here
uh Dan you want me to hit me hit me
again sure yeah we got a few left here
sure what are your thoughts on Tech in
motorcycles and motorcycle gear it seems
like all cars basically have computers
and motorcycles and accessories don't
would you like something like a HUD in a
helmet uh that exists that's a thing
I've never been particularly compelled
to buy one just because I I'm a I'm a
simple man I I like my I like my bike go
and uh you know I want to just be
focused on the ride but you know there
have definitely been times when some
turn BYT directions might have been nice
so if I had say for example an Android
auto
compatible yeah there might be a error
okay I'll figure it out uh if I had say
for example an Android auto compatible
Helmet or something like that just for
navigation and I guess some speak some
built-in speakers would be nice because
you don't want to wear like ear
earphones right like you want something
that gives you situational awareness um
i' I'd consider something like that but
realistically the primary feature that
I'm looking at when I buy a helmet is
that it fits my Noggin correctly like
just because you buy a good quality
Helmet or just because you buy a
certified Helmet or whatever if it's not
not the right shape for your head it's
not going to protect you properly the
way that even a maybe like lesser brand
helmet would if it fits you properly is
at least my understanding um so
unfortunately I happen to have a showy
shaped head so I've tried cheaper
helmets and they they don't fit me as
well and showes are like stupid
expensive like $800 Canadian doll or
something stupid like that I haven't
bought one in a little while um so I
don't know exactly what they're up to
now but they're
like really expensive
um but for me you know I'd rather spend
$800 on a helmet that fits me properly
than spend $500 on one that has cool
features but like you know maybe I get
brain damage um from an accident or more
brain damage I mean that's the thing
about riding on a bike realistically you
crash you're probably dead anyway but um
hey we we like to wear our helmets just
in case maybe we get lucky you
know I'm I'm pro helmet 100% pro helmet
big helmet didn't pay me to say that uh
big screwdriver on the other hand has
significantly influenced the stream guys
uh is now a good time to kind of recap
how you guys can get a chance to win
this computer and this screwdriver I
think scrolling all the way back to the
notes is going to be pretty difficult
for me so elij is going to bring it up
on his computer and he's going to tell
you guys how you can win this oversized
fully functioning LT screwdriver and
this gaming system and then we're going
to throw in our
GPU all right so all you have to do to
enter is buy any screwdriver on LTT
store.com all the details will be on the
page we we are running this until the
end of the 24th at 11:59 p.m. PST uh one
screwdriver purchase gets your entry and
then we will be drawing it after that
and sending you the computer and
screwdriver it's pretty cool uh and of
course you know to be legally compliant
we have a no purchase necessary blah
blah blah teas and C's right all of
those details are going to be on the the
website as well okay make sure it's
valid in your region country wherever
you are yeah you're not allowed to just
this is my this is my old retailer
experience coming back to me you're not
allowed to have something where the only
way to enter is by buying something uh
but what you are allowed to do laws are
funny what you are allowed to do is
overwhelmingly stack the odds of winning
in favor of people who bought the
thing so like you can yeah so you can
set it up so that like buying a
screwdriver gives you a thousand entries
sure and like sending a letter gets you
one gets you
one I'm going to write a 100 letters uh
yeah but by then you could have just
bought a screwdriver that's the whole oh
I I understand now it's a whole it's a
whole thing it's like Lottery and sweep
takes laws it's complicated um but we
are compliant we're compliant oh and I'm
compliant with telling you about our GPU
it was apparently going to be a 7900 XTX
but then we or XT but then we didn't do
that so now it's uh an MSI RTX 480 super
with dlss raate tracing 16 gigs of gddr
6X memory and of course all the usual
Nvidia goodness without any of the
Invidia Badness like pricing cuz you're
not paying for it oh crap I the way I
cable manage the front USBC is uh not
going to work for this so Dan help me
stall for time quick quick go sure yeah
yeah lonus can you hit the
gritty what now the gitty what's that
it's a dance it's a dance well okay
Elijah's going to show you the no I'm
going to pull it up for you and then you
can do it why don't you demonstrate it
for him
uh I think Elijah should be the one to
demonstrate I don't have the music
playing because it's copyrighted shoot
that cop out no nope that I just I don't
want to get you know copyright strike on
the channel okay well I got a question
for Elijah then what's your least
favorite game that you've gone all the
way through and beaten ooh least
favorite game I've gone all the way
through fortnite I mean you can't really
go all the way through that you just get
the dub you know call that um get the
dub I don't know that's a tough one I
think Borderlands 3 was pretty
disappointing for me um coming from
being such a huge Borderlands 2 fan and
even the the ending of Borderlands 2
with the DLCs and stuff but then
Borderlands 3 just kind of didn't
really embrace all of that on the story
front was really good mechanic wise and
they improved a lot of things in the
mechanics of it but the story left me
empty and sad so that's my answer shoot
I uh am having a real rough day when it
comes to us front USB connectors um this
one broke a little which is not the end
of the world it didn't break on the part
where any of the pins are but it means
that whoever gets this computer don't
mess around with your front USBC
connection because it's a little it's a
little finicky I'm just going to get it
in there and we're going to make sure it
works but when it arrives um you know
just don't don't mess with this
cable uh yeah that's a that's a bummer I
don't think there's anything that I can
man can is there a way for me to get
this in here
that it doesn't interfere with the
GPU come on buddy how about like that
that might do it okay let's have a
look and just not having not having good
luck today all right Dan hit me sure I
got two left here hey Linus with the
co-pilot logging feature that logs
things you do on your computer and
stores it locally do you think that it
could eventually lead to sell the data
to
advertisers I mean I think you already
know the answer to that question
um seems like a matter of time to
me I I mean who knows maybe you know
maybe these big tech companies that have
shown time and time again their utter
disregard for our privacy will totally
change and be different now that they're
they're AI Bros instead of
you know just general Tech
Bros it's fun to be
naive yeah I mean the fact that the fact
that they aren't doing it now to me
doesn't mean pretty much
anything I mean I don't even necessarily
take for granted that they actually
aren't doing it now because there's so
many oh this is a triple slot card
that's why I'm having trouble uh because
there's so many you know little
loopholes for you know how oh well we
didn't sell it to third parties because
that was a first party entity or
whatever else the case may be like I
just I'm at the point now where I don't
consider it to be tinfoil hat wearing
Behavior to assume that a tech company
is is profiting off of your data
regardless of whether it's a a paid or
unpaid service or regardless of their um
their terms of service or their their
privacy policy or whatever else I just I
just don't have any I don't have any
faith and confidence left we've seen so
many whistles blowers so many data leaks
and I hate generalizing right because
surely there are companies somewhere
that are doing things right um and I
hate to lump them in with ones that
aren't it's kind of like um like I get
really frustrated when I see people
assume that a video from us is is you
know an undisclosed sponsorship because
so many influencers have undisclosed
sponsorships like I hate that we don't
have undisclosed sponsorships but when
something is so
prevalent it's not like I don't
understand people's perspective I get it
um it just it sucks right so if I'm one
of those companies that's treating
people's data extremely responsibly then
it it would feel pretty crappy to be
lumped in but I just sorry guys I can't
can't help it at this point I had to
start these screws with my fingers can't
a cheater can't get this I can't get
this that's not cheating all you said is
I could only use the screwdriver you
didn't say I couldn't use my hands I
said all you can use is the screwdriver
now I got to use my hands to use the
screwdriver though boom hands allowed
all right you got
me jeez
[Laughter]
sorry all right let's get these let's
get these boys uh I don't know let's get
this adapter on here all right Dan you
said you got one more for me right yep I
got one more all right I've been
watching you for years finally creep he
lives in your walls I've been watching
you for years finally decided to get the
LTD screwdriver for my newest build what
was the most daunting build you have
ever
done a daunting build so daunting has
kind of a a specific connotation right
like one that that appears overwhelming
you know
so so a
daunting
build I don't know Elijah you've watched
every video on the channel uh what would
you say has was a was a daunting a
haunting looking build oh I mean
building computers to me is kind of he
says as he like um messed up two of the
connectors in this one uh building
computers to me is kind of like kind of
second nature at this point I don't
really I don't really I don't really get
daunted by it there are definitely ones
where we discovered Midway that they
were much more challenging than we
anticipated right like the the creeper
PC for PewDiePie good that's what I was
going to say that took so much longer
than we hoped um just because we like
the the mechanism to get the head pop to
pop up ended up being such a nightmare
we definitely had some project ideas
that we ultimately didn't even attempt
because they were too daunting so I
don't know if you guys remember this one
but see that that TV over there that's
kind of in like a window frame that was
originally in my office upstairs and we
had this proposal out to a brand to
sponsor a video where we added a camera
and um and head tracking so that it
would act as an actual window for
whenever there was just a single
occupant in the room and then we wanted
oh God what else was it and I don't
remember there was kind of like
something else and we were basically
looking at it going why did we even why
did we even start this conversation
that's not that's not something we want
to
build uh fortunately they they ultim
bailed and we never we never pitched
that again so we dodged a bullet
there uh but there's been there's been
kind of lots of things like that but I I
don't think I don't think there's too
many especially daunting builds I can
see if the audience had any ideas for
this one I feel like any custom PC case
is probably one of those ones where you
know you may think you can do it and
then you get get into it like the
creeper PC and it starts being more of a
challenge yeah I would say I would say
that's true but they can also be they
can also be
exciting some people said the pyramid PC
for dbrand Pyramid PC
was was pretty daunting um especially
because the customer is such a
picky
particular
corporation um where's my uh where's my
thing okay uh oh I have a sponsor spot
is that true I did it oh I already did
it all right are you sure yeah it
already did it right at the beginning oh
there's only one yeah oh okay well why
does it say sponsor spot let's find
another sponsor go get cold I'm kidding
I'm kidding I'm kidding I'm kidding okay
are we supposed to well we're supposed
to get ready to boot it up and play on
it and then while it's up I can show you
some reactions from our staff yeah can
you cut to that sure well future Linus
the screwdriver is finished Sebastian
just texted me we're going to go grab it
and show some lmg can I can I ask you
what your thoughts are on the big
screwdriver huh
oh my God it's way too wellmade for what
it
is oh wow okay he's getting weird with
it it's absurd but I love it this is
this is the best thing I've ever seen
does it ratchet
yeah wow this is actually
crazy okay
okay it sounds so good though just like
the regular one oh that is
amazing oh this this feels so wrong yet
so right see now this is the fidget toy
that I need oh my I could build so many
things with
this okay you're having too much you're
having too much fun you it feels like
you're reloading a gun you're
like
oh yes that's amazing wow oh my God look
at the bits exactly which one you're
talking about oh my God yeah well it's
it's our screwdriver oh my
god oh oh yes
who made this
why is this the real deal
holy okay uh that's a big ass
screwdriver that's stupid I like
it probably
right I didn't think it would actually
have the bit storage oh my God what a
unit it's going to take forever the size
of the
of course the nerling actually hurts
your fingers but oh my gosh this feels
like it would hurt my hand to spin it
cuz it's so sharp uh kind of sharp yeah
this hurt actually really sharp you
could grate cheese on this nerling you
could like seriously get some Parmesan
and that is actually dangerous I know
oh we have such we have such weird
jokes I don't know seems kind of
dumb taking it back now
unbel I worked hard on this and by I
worked hard I delegated Sebastian to
work hard okay
okay all righty and Moment of Truth you
guys all we need is power to the Monitor
and we are ready to see if she works oh
I uh I don't know if I hit the switch on
this power supply before we started well
we should be able to just no no I got it
I got
okay hey there we go look how tasteful
and not too over-the-top RGB this build
is good the the dims lit
up trying to find the bright side
there they did also send us a glass side
panel if you prefer that yeah I'm super
down I want to see it post before I put
the side panel on it's bad GBS bad GBS
to fire up a machine with all the side
panels closed 100% of the time you will
have to take at least one of them off to
fix something I did it once and blew up
a stick of ram see see it's bad gbi's
I'm not a superstitious man but that's
just bad jebi that's the one same with
removing the plastic peel prematurely
really oh like you'll you'll definitely
scratch it yeah yeah hey there we go
let's go okay I want to see all the RAM
sticks and everything before we actually
close this thing up 64
gigs yep yep yep yep yep all good
everything looks good let's go ahead and
set up our XMP profile wow she legs she
legs she legs oh baby yes she moves she
moves but so slowly um okay yeah we're
good you want to throw the window and
side panel on get this puppy booted
up man now I want to watch the reactions
I got to I got to go back and watch my
own video I haven't actually seen them
yet there will be a full version on
float plane as well with even more
people's reactions oh really oh awesome
lm. g/ float plane you did not just
leave that peel on well I'm going to
peel it once it's cuz I had to use it
now you peel it
here we go how about we leave half of it
for yeah there we go that looks great
that's an adequately built build enjoy
your computer at one cable errant cable
you know I do think that they could have
helped with that in the case design a
little bit like made it easier to Cable
tie that down because you can't cable
manage behind the motherboard tray on
this one M uh is it
oh is this uh still working uh did XMP
break it oh oh yeah I guess that's a
possibility wamp
wamp o okay oh there we go oh thank
goodness you keep forgetting about the
post times of AMD yeah am5 every time
yeah three hours to train can be very
slow can be very slow uh Dan did you
have any more merch messages for us sure
I got two more for you here sure hello
linil L dude and El but mostly l when
are we getting the frosted tips back the
Duke Nukem GTX 560 was Peak yeah I think
dbrand had wanted to sponsor like a a
bleaching my hair on on Wow segment or
something like that um you know what
screw it I'm down hey Dell I'm currently
the general manager of a pizza place but
have an overwhelming passion for
computers any advice for breaking into
the tech world for work a man other than
just do it I I I don't really I don't
really know know what to tell you right
like I anytime you change careers
there's going to be a leap of faith
involved um there's going to be some
challenges like you're going to come in
and not be the most experienced person
I you just got to kind of you got to
kind of keep trying you know what's
funny is there's there's so many people
that are just kind of side hustling
building PCS and fixing PCS we've
actually got a couple of videos coming
uh in the next little bit where we're
going to be evaluating people who offer
PC services on Facebook just like we're
going to we're going to engage some
random people on like Facebook and
Craigslist K sites like that kind of see
what the experience is like both from
our side as the customer and from their
side as the as the proprietor like is it
is it viable like I want I want to talk
to these people like are you are you
eating like building computers on
Facebook because I well no I I I really
want to know cuz it was really but man
when I was young it was really tough
there was there was no way that you were
going to eat based on you know just
doing that as your main gig with that
said we've run into people during
scrapyard Wars that appear to buy and
sell computer hardware and and computers
as their main gig like out of their
apartments and stuff like that so
clearly some people are making it work
and I you know if they've got any if
they've got any Tech tips for us I'm
sure the community would be happy to
learn more
right all right hit me Dan I recently
had to retrieve data from a 5.25 floppy
it was more challenging than I expected
to retrieve via modern Windows 11 PCS
what was the oldest or oddest old Tech
Hardware barrier you had to con conquer
an old Hardware Tech barrier to
conquer I don't know man I didn't really
zip disc tape those giant actual yeah
the five floppies I I tend to be like a
I tend to be like a problem solver right
so I uh you know I'm all about you know
what's my what's my workaround so I
don't have to do something horrible like
I'm trying to think like if I had to if
I had to figure out you know mini disk
today or something like that I feel like
that would be a challenge because I
never played around with it back when it
was current I have no idea what like
reader and writer you even need for it
but I feel like I would just
uh just not then um sometimes we don't
have a choice though I'm sure that 5 and
a quar floppy data recovery wasn't for
for
fun oh yes I have one okay I didn't
personally do it but it's very on topic
for me right now because uh Ariel our
Co-op student who was featured in the
video on the uh USSR like the Soviet
mouse that we got working um he's back
so he's he's he's back on staff again
and uh I I actually hung out with him a
little bit at the landan we were playing
playing some tape to tape let's go um
and that was probably the most
challenging old P old piece of Hardware
that we've ever tried to get running
fortunately it came with ample
documentation which was the norm back in
those days but just isn't really a thing
anymore let's go ahead and have a look
at our game settings here she's super
quiet so far R Racing
Ultra dlss uh I don't know quality yeah
let's go
quality I don't think I need Ray
reconstruction but I also don't think I
need frame
gen okay ray Trace lighting Ultra yeah
this is this is probably this is
probably about what I would play this on
with Hardware of this class here we go
let's see how she runs oh do we have
frame view on
here
uh nope whoops he Doodles oh it's okay
we'll get it oh I don't care right now
sign up give your data don't allow shut
oh my God give your data I am trying to
use my
computer no Microsoft needs to just they
gota they've got this habit they've got
this habit they've gotten into of
putting windows in the way of using my
computer and it really needs to stop
like I saw your messages recently about
teams how you like click on a link and
it would always overwrite your default
browser uh yeah so that seemed to be a
bug it's working fine now okay yeah so I
don't know but for for probably a week
or two I was and I showed people this it
was not only me who saw it I was not
able to change the browser that my links
opened in in teams it was very
frustrating um that's good to know it
was a bug because it was happening to me
as well yeah at least I hope it was a
bug anyway it's it's addressed now so
whatever it was it's it's dealt with now
but that was that was incredibly fr
frustrating um and I'm just noticing
more and more windows things that are
getting in the way of using my computer
and like look I know that the year of
the Linux desktop is an absolute
freaking
MIM but like they're over 1% market
share in the steam Hardware survey now
steam deck is a real thing and Steam OS
Steam OS Steam OS is coming I hope there
there have been challenges outside of
elves control I get it uh they really
need the Nvidia experience to be better
before they can just say okay yeah
here's Ste OS go for it just because
they have what like 85% market share or
something like that in discret gpus so I
understand the challenges but
man it feels like the year of the Linux
desktop is like kind of coming finally
coming let's see those what did how did
that car take off how did I just shot I
shot the driver in the
face he's dead how did his car move the
screwdriver oh sorry the driver of the
car no yeah not the screw not the
screwdriver he a screwed driver
oh oh man not the coppers get out of
here copper ha they chase you now you're
railing cannot stop me neither can your
telephone pull man there's some pretty
there's some pretty uh mature rated
stuff in this game that we don't always
account for in our uh our ratings of our
of our videos when we Show gameplay from
it I'm just going to well yeah I mean I
don't think the our predominantly
American audience cares about that it's
the it's the sexualized content that
could get us in trouble there
oh hey buddy how you doing oh this guy
seems to not care at all that I just
like have a gun oh okay I pointed at him
now he's upset are this the same guy hey
look there's two of the same guy he just
has a different hairstyle hold on does
he have the same face let's see hold on
hold still oh my goodness ah don't fall
like
that dang it I killed you you should
have landed on your back okay where's
the other guy hold on come back hold
still oh my goodness sit down okay hold
on I just need to
check oh man he clipped through the
floor or the ground
rather okay so the game's still not
perfect but what is perfect is the
performance we're getting in it check
this out 1% lows of 80 FPS I've got my
GPU sitting at a cool 67 C my CPU at 7
74 and our average FPS is over
100 what how many times I got to shoot
these guys in the
head they don't they're not even wearing
helmets this is H it's not even
realistic maybe they would have take
more bullets if they bought whatever
your bike helmet was he says after he
jumps off a
bridge do you uh do you just like heal
in this game I still haven't played
cyber Punk I've been meaning to it's
just it's such a huge commitment man
committing to like a 50 plus hour games
like it's like entering a relationship
you know oh I know like I got enough
relationships in my
life it's tough when every game is also
competing for that 50-hour relationship
right exactly dude there's so many to
play now yeah oh no I can't get involved
in any kind of live anything with
Seasons I look at it and I'm like no no
man you want me to play this game more
than once like I no no I don't think so
fomo all right Elijah apparently do you
want to get some closeups of that uh
Andy apparently there's one more
surprise for me it was going to be the
small screwdriver if you didn't already
open it oh but you opened it so there's
no other surprise other than for you
guys to be surprised by who ends up
winning it so one more time all you got
to do is check out the terms and
conditions of the giveaway for this RTX
480 7800 x3d processor gaming r rig
and this gigantic novelty sized fully
functioning LT screwdriver three times
the size baby three times the fun it's
amazing again all you have to do buy a
screwdriver on LTT store.com giveaway
goes till the 24th at 11:59 p.m. PST and
then we'll be announcing a winner how
perfect is that timing where'd you get a
phone call oh Pizza did you order me
some no it's homemade I made it for
myself and I'm going to eat it you can
have a piece if you really want I
brought an entire pizza so you want a
piece of pizza I didn't pack lunch so
all right that'd be cool all right all
right